BLE connection params setting by bridge (#17128)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/doc/matter_bridge_description.rst

               west build -b nrf7002dk/nrf5340/cpuapp -- -DCONFIG_BRIDGED_DEVICE_BT=y -DEXTRA_CONF_FILE="overlay-bt_max_connections_app.conf" -Dipc_radio_EXTRA_CONF_FILE="overlay-bt_max_connections_net.conf"

Configuring Bluetooth LE connection and scan parameters
-------------------------------------------------------

> You can set your own Bluetooth connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. To do this, enable the ``BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y`` option, which allows you to modify the parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set your own Bluetooth LE connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. To do this, enable the ``BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y`` option, which allows you to modify the parameters.
```

> You can set your own Bluetooth connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. To do this, enable the ``BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y`` option, which allows you to modify the parameters.

Reviewer: Missing CONFIG in the ``BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y``

> You can set your own Bluetooth connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. To do this, enable the ``BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y`` option, which allows you to modify the parameters.

Reviewer: Overall I would reverse order in this sentence. By default the Matter bridge BLE central accepts parameters of peripheral -> but you can set own ones by enabling.

> You can set your own Bluetooth LE connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. To do this, enable the ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS=y`` option, which allows you to modify the parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set your own Bluetooth LE connection parameters instead of accepting the default ones requested by the peripheral device. Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_FORCE_BT_CONNECTION_PARAMS` to ``y`` to modify the parameters.
```

> Once enabled, you can adjust the following Kconfig values to set the desired parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following Kconfig options to set the desired parameters:
```

> - ``BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_WINDOW``

Reviewer: CONFIG missing in all the below. Additionally it would be nice to add explanation after the - mark. How does the user should know what do these configs mean?

> - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_INTERVAL` - Time between consecutive Bluetooth scan windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_INTERVAL` - Time between consecutive Bluetooth LE scan windows.
```

> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_WINDOW`` - Time duration of a central actively scanning for devices within scan interval.
> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_INTERVAL`` - Time between consecutive Bluetooth scan windows.
> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_INTERVAL_MIN`` - It is the minimum duration of time requested by central(bridge) after the peripheral device should wake up to communicate.
> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_INTERVAL_MAX`` - It is the maximum duration of time requested by central(bridge) after the peripheral device should wake up to communicate.
> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT`` - The time since the last packet was successfully received until the devices consider the connection lost.
> - ``CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_LATENCY`` - It allows the peripheral to skip waking up for a certain number of connection events if it does not have any data to send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_WINDOW` - The duration a central actively scans for devices within the scan interval.
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_SCAN_INTERVAL` - Time between consecutive Bluetooth scan windows.
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_INTERVAL_MIN` - The minimum time requested by the central (the bridge) after which the peripheral device should wake up to communicate.
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_INTERVAL_MAX` - The maximum time requested by the central (the bridge) after which the peripheral device should wake up to communicate.
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT` - The time since the last packet was successfully received until the devices consider the connection lost.
- :konfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_LATENCY` - Allows the peripheral to skip waking up for a certain number of connection events if it does not have any data to send.
```

> - :konfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_LATENCY` - Allows the peripheral to skip waking up for a certain number of connection events if it does not have any data to send.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
- :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_CONNECTION_LATENCY` - Allows the peripheral to skip waking up for a certain number of connection events if it does not have any data to send.
```

     - Release version of the application.

       Enables only the necessary application functionalities to optimize its performance.
   * - Matter bridge over Wi-Fi with nRF5340 DK and nRF7002 EK

>      - :file:`---`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - ---
```

Reviewer: @kg-nordicsemi this comment is sort of obsolete, because this PR was not rebased, but anyway Wille is right and you can fix this as a follow-up in this PR.
